[Music]
if you have ants in your pants that
normally means you can't sit still and
have too much energy or it might mean
you actually do have ants in your pants
and that's highly creepy now when ants
start an invasion of your home and yard
you've got to be prepared to fight them
off if you weren't a fan of chemical
pesticides and I hope you aren't since
they can be harmful for humans there are
natural ways to get rid of those
annoying insects and keep them out for
good
number one citrus fruits you might love
the smell of oranges lemons and
grapefruit but ants just can't stand it
use this knowledge to your advantage and
leave some ground dried citrus peels
near entry points to the house in
flowerbeds and in potted plants to scare
away ants spring opening sinks counters
and table tops with pure lemon juice or
even lemon scented cleaner day by day
should also bring visible results ants
will lose their sense of tracking and
won't be able to detect the odours of
food particles and residue they're
naturally attracted to - cucumber slices
similar to citrus fruits cucumbers smell
like trouble - ants apparently there's
something in their chemical composition
that eliminates the fungi that ants love
a lot so find the hot spots in your
house where the ants are most frequently
visiting normally around food and water
and also any gaps crevices and holes
leave some cucumber peels or slices in
these places this is a quick and
temporary solution for visible ants but
make sure to remove the cucumbers after
a few hours since you don't want to
attract cockroaches which aren't afraid
of them number three
peppermint if you have ants in your
kitchen and bathroom you can repel them
using peppermint essential oil sprinkle
cotton balls with a few drops and leave
them in the areas where the ants hang
out you can also mix equal parts mint
scented liquid soap and water in a spray
bottle and then spray it directly on to
a group of ants believe me they won't
like it
number four cinnamon cinnamon works as a
double agent
it makes your house smell like a dream
and helps you defer ants at the same
time powder oil and sticks are all good
for this purpose you can just sprinkle
your regular kitchen spice at entry
sites to disrupt the ants root you can
draw a dry cinnamon barrier line or a
cinnamon oil line with a cotton swab if
you mix cinnamon oil with water in a
spray bottle and sprinkle it on an
trails windows doors and cracks it'll
have an even stronger effect cinnamon
sticks casually thrown around the hot
spots will also do the trick
number five coffee grounds before you
throw away use coffee grounds after you
enjoy a hot cup remember they can in
fact be of good use to you put them
right in the cracks sprinkle them around
the flower bed or even the entire base
of your house you'll need a lot of
coffee for that ground coffee will even
be more effective if you mix it with a
few drops of peppermint essential oil
and spread it on the countertops near
the garbage can and other places ants
love to frequent number six tansy tansy
flowers might look cute to you but not
to the ants plant it near your front
door under full or indirect sun and in
pretty dry soil or among other plants
you want to protect from ants you can
also keep dried tansy flowers by the
window sills to repel those nasty
insects number seven diatomaceous earth
food grade diatomaceous earth is a fine
silica powder of fossilized algae it's
perfectly safe for humans but dangerous
for insects
sprinkle an ant trail or the parameters
of your house with it for instant anti
ant results make sure you keep it dry or
it won't work you might have to add more
than one layer for the best outcome if
you decide to put it in a flower bed
watch out for petals these won't be able
to do their job if they encounter this
substance number eight chalk no ant
shall pass a border made of chalk since
they can't walk across
materials it also messes up their
scenting abilities so draw a line around
your front and back doors and window
sills you can ask your kids to do it to
make it more fun
number nine baking soda and powdered
sugar ants love sugar but can't stand
baking soda the smell of sugar will
attract them and baking soda will say hi
to their digestive system and the
results are pretty dramatic for them mix
the ingredients in a one-to-one ratio
3/4 of a tablespoon of each should be
enough for it to work you can put the
bait on a jar lid or directly into areas
that ants love the insect won't know the
difference between the sugar and baking
soda and you already know what's going
to happen number 10 cornmeal cornmeal
isn't the quickest way to ruin an ant
colony but it's completely harmless to
humans and super cheap so you might want
to give it a go sprinkle it on and
trails and nests the insects will see it
as food and have a feast but they won't
be able to digest the meal 11 vinegar
another affordable thing ants totally
hate is vinegar mix it in a one-to-one
ratio with water in a spray bottle you
can spray it onto the ants around the
window sills doorways in places that
ants love you can even wash floors
windows and countertops with this
solution this way you'll get them both
super clean and and free and there will
be no scent left behind after it dries
12 borax water and sugar mix a thin
paste of powdered borax laundry booster
sugar and water in equal parts put a few
tablespoons of it on a jar lid and set
the bait this solution attracts all
possible kinds of ants with it's sugary
smell they'll want to eat it so they'll
bring it back to the colony and ingest
it there you can experiment with the
ingredients a bit and add a touch of
peanut butter to make the mix even more
attractive for the insects who doesn't
like peanut butter the pace dries in a
couple of days so if it hasn't
by then you'll have to make some more of
it the mix is also effective against
cockroaches however you should be
careful with this solution if you have
kids or pets in the house number 13
boiling water and dish soap another ant
secret they don't want you to know is
that they just hate hot water a spray
bottle with water and liquid dish soap
can help you get rid of visible ants and
even just pouring a kettle of boiling
hot water directly onto their colony is
more powerful than you can imagine
14 mini moat most ants just go for the
food but some love plants both potted
and planted ones to prevent them from
building a home in what's adding
aesthetics to your own home try setting
up a moat filled with water much like
people did in ancient times building
fortresses put the container with plants
on a tray filled with water you can
sprinkle cinnamon powder on it for an
even stronger effect or put a cinnamon
stick directly into the soil the same mo
trick will work with pet food bowls set
the bowl in the center of a tray or lid
that's larger in size so that it's
surrounded by the water ants can't swim
so they won't be able to get inside the
ball and of course once you've succeeded
you can sing the dead ant song which
goes like this dead ant dead ant dead
ant dead ant dead ant hey don't make fun
that was a big hit in third grade so
have you tried any of these solutions or
maybe you know some others that work let
me know down in the comments if you
learned something new today then give
this video a like and share with a
friend but hey we have we have over
2,000 cool videos for you to check out
right here all you have to do is pick
the left or right video click on it and
enjoy stay on the bright side of life